# Event

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountId** | Pointer to **int32** | Account that triggered the event. | [optional] 
**ActorSystem** | Pointer to **string** | Acting system that triggered the event when the actor is not a user. | [optional] 
**ActorUserId** | Pointer to **int32** | ID of the user whose action triggered the event. | [optional] 
**ActorUserName** | Pointer to **string** | First and last name of the user whose action triggered the event. | [optional] 
**AdcId** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**AppName** | Pointer to **string** | Name of the app involved in the event, if applicable. | [optional] 
**AppId** | Pointer to **int32** | ID of the app involved in the event, if applicable. | [optional] 
**AssumedBySuperadminOrReseller** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**AssumingActingUserId** | Pointer to **int32** | ID of the user who assumed the role of the acting user to trigger the event, if applicable. | [optional] 
**CertificateId** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**ClientId** | Pointer to **string** | Client ID used to generate the access token that made the API call that generated the event. | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | ISO8601 Time and date at which the event was created. This value is autogenerated by OneLogin. | [optional] 
**CustomMessage** | Pointer to **string** | More details about the event. | [optional] 
**DirectorySyncRunId** | Pointer to **int32** | Directory sync run ID. | [optional] 
**ErrorDescription** | Pointer to **string** | Provisioning error details, if applicable. | [optional] 
**EventTypeId** | Pointer to **int32** | Type of event triggered. | [optional] 
**GroupName** | Pointer to **string** | Name of a group involved in the event. | [optional] 
**GroupId** | Pointer to **int32** | ID of a group involved in the event. | [optional] 
**Id** | Pointer to **int32** | Event&#39;s unique ID in OneLogin. Autogenerated by OneLogin. | [optional] 
**Ipaddr** | Pointer to **string** | IP address of the machine used to trigger the event. | [optional] 
**MappingId** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**Notes** | Pointer to **string** | More details about the event. | [optional] 
**ObjectId** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**OtpDeviceId** | Pointer to **int32** | ID of a device involved in the event. | [optional] 
**OtpDeviceName** | Pointer to **string** | Name of a device involved in the event. | [optional] 
**Param** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**PolicyId** | Pointer to **int32** | ID of the policy involved in the event. | [optional] 
**PolicyName** | Pointer to **string** | Name of the policy involved in the event. | [optional] 
**PolicyType** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**PrivilegeId** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**ProxyIp** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**RadiusConfigId** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**ResolvedAt** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**ResourceTypeId** | Pointer to **int32** | ID of the resource (user, role, group, and so forth) associated with the event. | [optional] 
**RiskCookieId** | Pointer to **string** | Identifier for risk cookie | [optional] 
**RiskReasons** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**RiskScore** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**RoleId** | Pointer to **int32** | ID of a role involved in the event. | [optional] 
**RoleName** | Pointer to **string** | Name of a role involved in the event. | [optional] 
**ServiceDirectoryId** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**Solved** | Pointer to **bool** |  | [optional] 
**TrustedIdpId** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**UserFieldId** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**UserId** | Pointer to **int32** | ID of the user that was acted upon to trigger the event. | [optional] 
**UserName** | Pointer to **string** | Name of the user that was acted upon to trigger the event. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewEvent

`func NewEvent() *Event`

NewEvent instantiates a new Event object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewEventWithDefaults

`func NewEventWithDefaults() *Event`

NewEventWithDefaults instantiates a new Event object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAccountId

`func (o *Event) GetAccountId() int32`

GetAccountId returns the AccountId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetAccountIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetAccountIdOk returns a tuple with the AccountId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountId

`func (o *Event) SetAccountId(v int32)`

SetAccountId sets AccountId field to given value.

### HasAccountId

`func (o *Event) HasAccountId() bool`

HasAccountId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetActorSystem

`func (o *Event) GetActorSystem() string`

GetActorSystem returns the ActorSystem field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActorSystemOk

`func (o *Event) GetActorSystemOk() (*string, bool)`

GetActorSystemOk returns a tuple with the ActorSystem field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActorSystem

`func (o *Event) SetActorSystem(v string)`

SetActorSystem sets ActorSystem field to given value.

### HasActorSystem

`func (o *Event) HasActorSystem() bool`

HasActorSystem returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetActorUserId

`func (o *Event) GetActorUserId() int32`

GetActorUserId returns the ActorUserId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActorUserIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetActorUserIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetActorUserIdOk returns a tuple with the ActorUserId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActorUserId

`func (o *Event) SetActorUserId(v int32)`

SetActorUserId sets ActorUserId field to given value.

### HasActorUserId

`func (o *Event) HasActorUserId() bool`

HasActorUserId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetActorUserName

`func (o *Event) GetActorUserName() string`

GetActorUserName returns the ActorUserName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActorUserNameOk

`func (o *Event) GetActorUserNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetActorUserNameOk returns a tuple with the ActorUserName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActorUserName

`func (o *Event) SetActorUserName(v string)`

SetActorUserName sets ActorUserName field to given value.

### HasActorUserName

`func (o *Event) HasActorUserName() bool`

HasActorUserName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAdcId

`func (o *Event) GetAdcId() int32`

GetAdcId returns the AdcId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAdcIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetAdcIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetAdcIdOk returns a tuple with the AdcId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAdcId

`func (o *Event) SetAdcId(v int32)`

SetAdcId sets AdcId field to given value.

### HasAdcId

`func (o *Event) HasAdcId() bool`

HasAdcId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAppName

`func (o *Event) GetAppName() string`

GetAppName returns the AppName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppNameOk

`func (o *Event) GetAppNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAppNameOk returns a tuple with the AppName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppName

`func (o *Event) SetAppName(v string)`

SetAppName sets AppName field to given value.

### HasAppName

`func (o *Event) HasAppName() bool`

HasAppName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAppId

`func (o *Event) GetAppId() int32`

GetAppId returns the AppId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetAppIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetAppIdOk returns a tuple with the AppId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppId

`func (o *Event) SetAppId(v int32)`

SetAppId sets AppId field to given value.

### HasAppId

`func (o *Event) HasAppId() bool`

HasAppId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAssumedBySuperadminOrReseller

`func (o *Event) GetAssumedBySuperadminOrReseller() int32`

GetAssumedBySuperadminOrReseller returns the AssumedBySuperadminOrReseller field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAssumedBySuperadminOrResellerOk

`func (o *Event) GetAssumedBySuperadminOrResellerOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetAssumedBySuperadminOrResellerOk returns a tuple with the AssumedBySuperadminOrReseller field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAssumedBySuperadminOrReseller

`func (o *Event) SetAssumedBySuperadminOrReseller(v int32)`

SetAssumedBySuperadminOrReseller sets AssumedBySuperadminOrReseller field to given value.

### HasAssumedBySuperadminOrReseller

`func (o *Event) HasAssumedBySuperadminOrReseller() bool`

HasAssumedBySuperadminOrReseller returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAssumingActingUserId

`func (o *Event) GetAssumingActingUserId() int32`

GetAssumingActingUserId returns the AssumingActingUserId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAssumingActingUserIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetAssumingActingUserIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetAssumingActingUserIdOk returns a tuple with the AssumingActingUserId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAssumingActingUserId

`func (o *Event) SetAssumingActingUserId(v int32)`

SetAssumingActingUserId sets AssumingActingUserId field to given value.

### HasAssumingActingUserId

`func (o *Event) HasAssumingActingUserId() bool`

HasAssumingActingUserId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCertificateId

`func (o *Event) GetCertificateId() int32`

GetCertificateId returns the CertificateId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCertificateIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetCertificateIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCertificateIdOk returns a tuple with the CertificateId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCertificateId

`func (o *Event) SetCertificateId(v int32)`

SetCertificateId sets CertificateId field to given value.

### HasCertificateId

`func (o *Event) HasCertificateId() bool`

HasCertificateId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetClientId

`func (o *Event) GetClientId() string`

GetClientId returns the ClientId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClientIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetClientIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetClientIdOk returns a tuple with the ClientId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClientId

`func (o *Event) SetClientId(v string)`

SetClientId sets ClientId field to given value.

### HasClientId

`func (o *Event) HasClientId() bool`

HasClientId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *Event) GetCreatedAt() string`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *Event) GetCreatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *Event) SetCreatedAt(v string)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.

### HasCreatedAt

`func (o *Event) HasCreatedAt() bool`

HasCreatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCustomMessage

`func (o *Event) GetCustomMessage() string`

GetCustomMessage returns the CustomMessage field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomMessageOk

`func (o *Event) GetCustomMessageOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCustomMessageOk returns a tuple with the CustomMessage field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustomMessage

`func (o *Event) SetCustomMessage(v string)`

SetCustomMessage sets CustomMessage field to given value.

### HasCustomMessage

`func (o *Event) HasCustomMessage() bool`

HasCustomMessage returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDirectorySyncRunId

`func (o *Event) GetDirectorySyncRunId() int32`

GetDirectorySyncRunId returns the DirectorySyncRunId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDirectorySyncRunIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetDirectorySyncRunIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetDirectorySyncRunIdOk returns a tuple with the DirectorySyncRunId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDirectorySyncRunId

`func (o *Event) SetDirectorySyncRunId(v int32)`

SetDirectorySyncRunId sets DirectorySyncRunId field to given value.

### HasDirectorySyncRunId

`func (o *Event) HasDirectorySyncRunId() bool`

HasDirectorySyncRunId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetErrorDescription

`func (o *Event) GetErrorDescription() string`

GetErrorDescription returns the ErrorDescription field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetErrorDescriptionOk

`func (o *Event) GetErrorDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetErrorDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the ErrorDescription field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetErrorDescription

`func (o *Event) SetErrorDescription(v string)`

SetErrorDescription sets ErrorDescription field to given value.

### HasErrorDescription

`func (o *Event) HasErrorDescription() bool`

HasErrorDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEventTypeId

`func (o *Event) GetEventTypeId() int32`

GetEventTypeId returns the EventTypeId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEventTypeIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetEventTypeIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetEventTypeIdOk returns a tuple with the EventTypeId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEventTypeId

`func (o *Event) SetEventTypeId(v int32)`

SetEventTypeId sets EventTypeId field to given value.

### HasEventTypeId

`func (o *Event) HasEventTypeId() bool`

HasEventTypeId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetGroupName

`func (o *Event) GetGroupName() string`

GetGroupName returns the GroupName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetGroupNameOk

`func (o *Event) GetGroupNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetGroupNameOk returns a tuple with the GroupName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetGroupName

`func (o *Event) SetGroupName(v string)`

SetGroupName sets GroupName field to given value.

### HasGroupName

`func (o *Event) HasGroupName() bool`

HasGroupName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetGroupId

`func (o *Event) GetGroupId() int32`

GetGroupId returns the GroupId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetGroupIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetGroupIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetGroupIdOk returns a tuple with the GroupId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetGroupId

`func (o *Event) SetGroupId(v int32)`

SetGroupId sets GroupId field to given value.

### HasGroupId

`func (o *Event) HasGroupId() bool`

HasGroupId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetId

`func (o *Event) GetId() int32`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *Event) SetId(v int32)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *Event) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIpaddr

`func (o *Event) GetIpaddr() string`

GetIpaddr returns the Ipaddr field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIpaddrOk

`func (o *Event) GetIpaddrOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIpaddrOk returns a tuple with the Ipaddr field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIpaddr

`func (o *Event) SetIpaddr(v string)`

SetIpaddr sets Ipaddr field to given value.

### HasIpaddr

`func (o *Event) HasIpaddr() bool`

HasIpaddr returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMappingId

`func (o *Event) GetMappingId() int32`

GetMappingId returns the MappingId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMappingIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetMappingIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMappingIdOk returns a tuple with the MappingId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMappingId

`func (o *Event) SetMappingId(v int32)`

SetMappingId sets MappingId field to given value.

### HasMappingId

`func (o *Event) HasMappingId() bool`

HasMappingId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNotes

`func (o *Event) GetNotes() string`

GetNotes returns the Notes field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNotesOk

`func (o *Event) GetNotesOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNotesOk returns a tuple with the Notes field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNotes

`func (o *Event) SetNotes(v string)`

SetNotes sets Notes field to given value.

### HasNotes

`func (o *Event) HasNotes() bool`

HasNotes returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetObjectId

`func (o *Event) GetObjectId() int32`

GetObjectId returns the ObjectId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObjectIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetObjectIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetObjectIdOk returns a tuple with the ObjectId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObjectId

`func (o *Event) SetObjectId(v int32)`

SetObjectId sets ObjectId field to given value.

### HasObjectId

`func (o *Event) HasObjectId() bool`

HasObjectId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOtpDeviceId

`func (o *Event) GetOtpDeviceId() int32`

GetOtpDeviceId returns the OtpDeviceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOtpDeviceIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetOtpDeviceIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetOtpDeviceIdOk returns a tuple with the OtpDeviceId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOtpDeviceId

`func (o *Event) SetOtpDeviceId(v int32)`

SetOtpDeviceId sets OtpDeviceId field to given value.

### HasOtpDeviceId

`func (o *Event) HasOtpDeviceId() bool`

HasOtpDeviceId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOtpDeviceName

`func (o *Event) GetOtpDeviceName() string`

GetOtpDeviceName returns the OtpDeviceName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOtpDeviceNameOk

`func (o *Event) GetOtpDeviceNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOtpDeviceNameOk returns a tuple with the OtpDeviceName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOtpDeviceName

`func (o *Event) SetOtpDeviceName(v string)`

SetOtpDeviceName sets OtpDeviceName field to given value.

### HasOtpDeviceName

`func (o *Event) HasOtpDeviceName() bool`

HasOtpDeviceName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetParam

`func (o *Event) GetParam() string`

GetParam returns the Param field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetParamOk

`func (o *Event) GetParamOk() (*string, bool)`

GetParamOk returns a tuple with the Param field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetParam

`func (o *Event) SetParam(v string)`

SetParam sets Param field to given value.

### HasParam

`func (o *Event) HasParam() bool`

HasParam returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPolicyId

`func (o *Event) GetPolicyId() int32`

GetPolicyId returns the PolicyId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPolicyIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetPolicyIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetPolicyIdOk returns a tuple with the PolicyId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPolicyId

`func (o *Event) SetPolicyId(v int32)`

SetPolicyId sets PolicyId field to given value.

### HasPolicyId

`func (o *Event) HasPolicyId() bool`

HasPolicyId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPolicyName

`func (o *Event) GetPolicyName() string`

GetPolicyName returns the PolicyName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPolicyNameOk

`func (o *Event) GetPolicyNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPolicyNameOk returns a tuple with the PolicyName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPolicyName

`func (o *Event) SetPolicyName(v string)`

SetPolicyName sets PolicyName field to given value.

### HasPolicyName

`func (o *Event) HasPolicyName() bool`

HasPolicyName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPolicyType

`func (o *Event) GetPolicyType() string`

GetPolicyType returns the PolicyType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPolicyTypeOk

`func (o *Event) GetPolicyTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPolicyTypeOk returns a tuple with the PolicyType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPolicyType

`func (o *Event) SetPolicyType(v string)`

SetPolicyType sets PolicyType field to given value.

### HasPolicyType

`func (o *Event) HasPolicyType() bool`

HasPolicyType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPrivilegeId

`func (o *Event) GetPrivilegeId() int32`

GetPrivilegeId returns the PrivilegeId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPrivilegeIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetPrivilegeIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetPrivilegeIdOk returns a tuple with the PrivilegeId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPrivilegeId

`func (o *Event) SetPrivilegeId(v int32)`

SetPrivilegeId sets PrivilegeId field to given value.

### HasPrivilegeId

`func (o *Event) HasPrivilegeId() bool`

HasPrivilegeId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetProxyIp

`func (o *Event) GetProxyIp() string`

GetProxyIp returns the ProxyIp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProxyIpOk

`func (o *Event) GetProxyIpOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProxyIpOk returns a tuple with the ProxyIp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProxyIp

`func (o *Event) SetProxyIp(v string)`

SetProxyIp sets ProxyIp field to given value.

### HasProxyIp

`func (o *Event) HasProxyIp() bool`

HasProxyIp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRadiusConfigId

`func (o *Event) GetRadiusConfigId() int32`

GetRadiusConfigId returns the RadiusConfigId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRadiusConfigIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetRadiusConfigIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetRadiusConfigIdOk returns a tuple with the RadiusConfigId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRadiusConfigId

`func (o *Event) SetRadiusConfigId(v int32)`

SetRadiusConfigId sets RadiusConfigId field to given value.

### HasRadiusConfigId

`func (o *Event) HasRadiusConfigId() bool`

HasRadiusConfigId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetResolvedAt

`func (o *Event) GetResolvedAt() string`

GetResolvedAt returns the ResolvedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResolvedAtOk

`func (o *Event) GetResolvedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetResolvedAtOk returns a tuple with the ResolvedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResolvedAt

`func (o *Event) SetResolvedAt(v string)`

SetResolvedAt sets ResolvedAt field to given value.

### HasResolvedAt

`func (o *Event) HasResolvedAt() bool`

HasResolvedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetResourceTypeId

`func (o *Event) GetResourceTypeId() int32`

GetResourceTypeId returns the ResourceTypeId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResourceTypeIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetResourceTypeIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetResourceTypeIdOk returns a tuple with the ResourceTypeId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResourceTypeId

`func (o *Event) SetResourceTypeId(v int32)`

SetResourceTypeId sets ResourceTypeId field to given value.

### HasResourceTypeId

`func (o *Event) HasResourceTypeId() bool`

HasResourceTypeId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRiskCookieId

`func (o *Event) GetRiskCookieId() string`

GetRiskCookieId returns the RiskCookieId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRiskCookieIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetRiskCookieIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRiskCookieIdOk returns a tuple with the RiskCookieId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRiskCookieId

`func (o *Event) SetRiskCookieId(v string)`

SetRiskCookieId sets RiskCookieId field to given value.

### HasRiskCookieId

`func (o *Event) HasRiskCookieId() bool`

HasRiskCookieId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRiskReasons

`func (o *Event) GetRiskReasons() string`

GetRiskReasons returns the RiskReasons field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRiskReasonsOk

`func (o *Event) GetRiskReasonsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRiskReasonsOk returns a tuple with the RiskReasons field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRiskReasons

`func (o *Event) SetRiskReasons(v string)`

SetRiskReasons sets RiskReasons field to given value.

### HasRiskReasons

`func (o *Event) HasRiskReasons() bool`

HasRiskReasons returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRiskScore

`func (o *Event) GetRiskScore() int32`

GetRiskScore returns the RiskScore field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRiskScoreOk

`func (o *Event) GetRiskScoreOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetRiskScoreOk returns a tuple with the RiskScore field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRiskScore

`func (o *Event) SetRiskScore(v int32)`

SetRiskScore sets RiskScore field to given value.

### HasRiskScore

`func (o *Event) HasRiskScore() bool`

HasRiskScore returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRoleId

`func (o *Event) GetRoleId() int32`

GetRoleId returns the RoleId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRoleIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetRoleIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetRoleIdOk returns a tuple with the RoleId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRoleId

`func (o *Event) SetRoleId(v int32)`

SetRoleId sets RoleId field to given value.

### HasRoleId

`func (o *Event) HasRoleId() bool`

HasRoleId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRoleName

`func (o *Event) GetRoleName() string`

GetRoleName returns the RoleName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRoleNameOk

`func (o *Event) GetRoleNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRoleNameOk returns a tuple with the RoleName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRoleName

`func (o *Event) SetRoleName(v string)`

SetRoleName sets RoleName field to given value.

### HasRoleName

`func (o *Event) HasRoleName() bool`

HasRoleName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetServiceDirectoryId

`func (o *Event) GetServiceDirectoryId() int32`

GetServiceDirectoryId returns the ServiceDirectoryId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServiceDirectoryIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetServiceDirectoryIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetServiceDirectoryIdOk returns a tuple with the ServiceDirectoryId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServiceDirectoryId

`func (o *Event) SetServiceDirectoryId(v int32)`

SetServiceDirectoryId sets ServiceDirectoryId field to given value.

### HasServiceDirectoryId

`func (o *Event) HasServiceDirectoryId() bool`

HasServiceDirectoryId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSolved

`func (o *Event) GetSolved() bool`

GetSolved returns the Solved field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSolvedOk

`func (o *Event) GetSolvedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSolvedOk returns a tuple with the Solved field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSolved

`func (o *Event) SetSolved(v bool)`

SetSolved sets Solved field to given value.

### HasSolved

`func (o *Event) HasSolved() bool`

HasSolved returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTrustedIdpId

`func (o *Event) GetTrustedIdpId() int32`

GetTrustedIdpId returns the TrustedIdpId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTrustedIdpIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetTrustedIdpIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTrustedIdpIdOk returns a tuple with the TrustedIdpId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTrustedIdpId

`func (o *Event) SetTrustedIdpId(v int32)`

SetTrustedIdpId sets TrustedIdpId field to given value.

### HasTrustedIdpId

`func (o *Event) HasTrustedIdpId() bool`

HasTrustedIdpId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUserFieldId

`func (o *Event) GetUserFieldId() int32`

GetUserFieldId returns the UserFieldId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUserFieldIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetUserFieldIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetUserFieldIdOk returns a tuple with the UserFieldId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUserFieldId

`func (o *Event) SetUserFieldId(v int32)`

SetUserFieldId sets UserFieldId field to given value.

### HasUserFieldId

`func (o *Event) HasUserFieldId() bool`

HasUserFieldId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUserId

`func (o *Event) GetUserId() int32`

GetUserId returns the UserId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUserIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetUserIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetUserIdOk returns a tuple with the UserId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUserId

`func (o *Event) SetUserId(v int32)`

SetUserId sets UserId field to given value.

### HasUserId

`func (o *Event) HasUserId() bool`

HasUserId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUserName

`func (o *Event) GetUserName() string`

GetUserName returns the UserName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUserNameOk

`func (o *Event) GetUserNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUserNameOk returns a tuple with the UserName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUserName

`func (o *Event) SetUserName(v string)`

SetUserName sets UserName field to given value.

### HasUserName

`func (o *Event) HasUserName() bool`

HasUserName returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


